Contribution page re-write (#98)
centrica-engineering/nucleus-docs: docs/community/contribute-to-nucleus.md

Before raising your proposal, it's worth checking [on the proposal board](https://github.com/ConnectedHomes/nucleus/projects/6) that there isn't already someone trying to get a similar idea contributed.

If nothing similar has been raised, then go ahead and [create your proposal](https://github.com/ConnectedHomes/nucleus/issues/new?assignees=&labels=RFC,+draft&template=b--request-a-change.md&title=[RFC]+Title+of+the+request).

Make sure you give as many details as possible and answer the questions on the ticket template, these will help us understand what you're proposing and make sure it checks all the boxes to go forward.

### Collaborate

As your proposal is for something that has reusability potential, it's time to involve those teams that may have an interest in it. Reach out to your colleagues see if they may have requirements that will help them use your contribution once it's available. 

Bring your proposal to the Drop-in Clinique, it's a great way to get feedback and interest from others! 

Remember that **you are the main sponsor of your proposal**, but we're there to support you if you need us.

### Contribute

You're ready to start working on your contribution!

> - Add any user research into the proposal ticket by commenting on it: user analytics, usability testing, A/B testing, etc...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add any user research into the proposal ticket by commenting on it: user analytics, usability testing, A/B testing, etc.
```

> - Share your final designs with the wider design team, and the Nucleus team for feedback;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Share your final designs with the wider design team, and the Nucleus team for feedback.
```

- Start building your contribution with your product engineer;
- Start putting a documentation for your contribution (adding to an existing doc, or creating a new one, we can help with that);
- Once it's ready to be reviewed by the Nucleus team, share the pull request with us so we can see if it's built following Nucleus coding standards for components. 

A contribution is usually made of: 

> - [x] a design for a component/variant/feature that can be added to the design libraries (Sketch/Figma)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [x] A design for a component/variant/feature that can be added to the design libraries (Sketch/Figma).
```

- [x] a built component/variant/feature that can be added to our component library
- [x] unit test for the component
- [x] automated testing scenarios

> The best way is that you and your team own as much of the above as possible, but we can support on any of them if you need us.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The best way is that you and your team own as much of the above as possible, but we can support you on anything if you need us to.
```

> Our design system is a living organism, one that reflects and evolves with our collective learning.

Now that we have a mature system that is utilised across the entire British Gas website, we need to make sure that any changes to the system add value to our customers and also to all the teams that use Nucleus.

Because of this we may ask for you to to show a more detailed use case, analytics or testing that proves it will add value. This is to make sure that the whole community has a clear understanding of why a change has been made.

## Contributing

The Nucleus team is looking after the system, making sure all of its parts work in a symbiotic way. Contributions can be made at every level, by anyone who has an idea on how to take it further. Whether it is a component, a pattern, a change to the documentation, the prototyping tool, every part of the system is open to contributions.

### What is a contribution?

- A contribution adds value to the system.
- A contribution can be something new, an improvement on an existing part of the system, or a bug fix.

> - A contribution is re-usable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A contribution is reusable.
```

- A contribution is inclusive and accessible.
- A contribution is documented.

### Who can contribute?

Everyone.

> Whether you are a designer, a software engineer, a tester, a solutions architect, a product owner, or a director: everyone is invited to advance Nucleus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whether you are a designer, a software engineer, a tester, a solutions architect, a product owner or a director – everyone is invited to advance Nucleus.
```

## What to expect?

Everyone plays a part in creating a coherent, consistent and engaging customer experience.

> We worked with product teams to set up a contribution flow that makes sure a contribution ticks all the boxes to get added to the system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We worked with product teams to set up a contribution flow to ensure a contribution ticks all the boxes and gets added to the system.
```

### Is your idea a candidate for a contribution into the system?

> The simple answer is that if your idea is: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The simple answer is that if your idea is...
```

> - [x] re-usable by another team/journey than yours

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [x] reusable by a team/journey other than yours
```

If nothing similar has been raised, then go ahead and [create your proposal](https://github.com/ConnectedHomes/nucleus/issues/new?assignees=&labels=RFC,+draft&template=b--request-a-change.md&title=[RFC]+Title+of+the+request).

Make sure you give as many details as possible and answer the questions on the ticket template. These will help us understand what you're proposing and make sure it checks all the boxes to go forward.

If you need help answering some of the questions, reach out to the team on our channels. We'll be more than happy to help!

### Collaborate

As your proposal is for something that has reusability potential, it's time to involve those teams that may have an interest in it. Reach out to your colleagues see if they may have requirements that will help them use your contribution once it's available. 

Bring your proposal to the Drop-in Clinique, it's a great way to get feedback and interest from others! 

Remember that **you are the main sponsor of your proposal**, but we're there to support you if you need us.

### Contribute

You're ready to start working on your contribution!

> - Add any user research into the proposal ticket by commenting on it: user analytics, usability testing, A/B testing, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add any user research into the proposal ticket by commenting on it with user analytics, usability testing, A/B testing, etc.
```

- Share your final designs with the wider design team, and the Nucleus team for feedback.
- Start building your contribution with your product engineer.
- Start building documentation for your contribution (adding to an existing doc or creating a new one –  we can help with that).
- Once it's ready to be reviewed by the Nucleus team, share the pull request with us so we can see if it's built following Nucleus coding standards for components. 

A contribution usually comprises: 
- [x] A design for a component/variant/feature that can be added to the design libraries (Sketch/Figma).
- [x] A built component/variant/feature that can be added to our component library.
- [x] Unit test for the component.
- [x] Automated testing scenarios.

The best way is that you and your team own as much of the above as possible, but we can support you on anything if you need us to.

Once everything looks good to go, your contribution can be part of the next release and will be available to everyone using Nucleus! 

And that's how a contribution is done!

### How to make the best contributions

Here are a few tips and tricks on how to make things as fast as possible: 

> - The best and quickest way is for you and your team to own as much of the work as possible: this way you do not depend on the availability of any other team to pick up the work. But do not worry, we can support you along the way if you need us.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The best and quickest way is for you and your team to own as much of the work as possible. This way you do not depend on the availability of any other team to pick up the work. But do not worry, we can support you along the way if you need us.
```

- Check that there isn't a proposal for the piece of work you have in mind already. You can find all the proposals [on the kanban board](https://github.com/ConnectedHomes/nucleus/projects/6) and see their status.
- Share your design ideas as early and as often as possible with the community. You can do that on our Teams channels, or in the drop-in clinique sessions. This will help refining your design to make sure it works for the wider community.

> - If you are designing an improvement to a component, make sure you are using the existing version first if it can do the job. That will give you a control version and benchmark to test your design and see if it adds value by improving the experience/key metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you are designing an improvement to a component, make sure you are using the existing version first if it can do the job. That will give you a control version and benchmark to test your design against and see if it adds value by improving the experience/key metrics.
```

> - The proposer is the driver: if you propose a change or an addition to the system, you are the one who will be championing it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The proposer is the driver. If you propose a change or an addition to the system, you are the one who will be championing it.
```

- We are customer centred, and every contribution should add customer value and improve their experience. Try to apply the customer lense on everything you contribute.

### Insights on existing Nucleus work

> For any feedback related to our Nucleus components and related documentation, we're using Github. This helps us provide a transparent track of all contributions and potential issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For any feedback related to our Nucleus components and related documentation, we're using Github. This helps us provide a transparent track of all contributions and potential issues.
```
```suggestion
For any feedback related to our Nucleus components and related documentation, we're using Github. It helps us provide a transparent track of all contributions and potential issues.
```
